How can this be called an insult? Get married in July
Mr. Ba over the rainbow
It's very popular in novels
You think you are doing it to repay the kindness
I also want to repay your kindness.
When I'm done paying the money
You and I will go our separate ways without delay.
Jiang Lili, is this really what you want?
Well, that's called taking a step back
Xu Ling loves me, but she doesn't believe that I can't fight you
Why are you so troublesome
You don't have to pay it back.
You can go now.
Xu Lingan, you are angry
No. I just don't think we have parents.
You are already missing from the three 6s.
It is impossible not to give a bride price
This money
It's a dowry for you
Betrothal gift
$10,000 is a lot of money these days.
Who asked a good person to give a bride price of 10,000?
Why don't you want it?
Don't want to give it to me
But after paying off the money, I'm leaving.
Do you really want me to leave so quickly?
Give it to me it's mine
No.